{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10380\viewh12740\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Midnight
\f1\b0\fs24 \
Midnight looks and feels like the iOS alarm app, but it\'92s packed with features.\
\

\f0\b\fs32 Features over the default alarm app
\f1\b0\fs24 \
- Live activities support\
- Widgets\
- Schedule alarms for later on specific dates, or every day during a range\
- Change the alarm volume independently of your ringtone (e.g. normal volume ringtone and super loud alarm)\
- Time preview - see the time, so you don\'92t accidentally set alarms for the middle of the night\
- Custom dynamic backgrounds that adjust based on the time\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 - Change snooze / dismiss button placement by dragging\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 - Custom snooze duration and alarm ring duration\
- Import music from Files\
- Ring every day in a range\
- Light mode support (the default alarm app is dark mode only)\
\
\

\f0\b\fs32 Features over competing alarm apps
\f1\b0 \

\fs24 - Ad-free experience\
- Rings in silent / Do Not Disturb, via Critical Alerts\
- Won\'92t drain battery (Midnight doesn\'92t use tricks like playing a silent audio file in the background)\
\

\f0\b\fs32 Midnight Pro ($1.49/month or $24.99 one time purchase)
\fs24 \

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Calendar integration.
\f1\b0 \
Works with google calendar, apple calendar, and custom .ics subscirption calendars. Lets you add alarms for your events in one tap - just tap the toggle! Helps you stay on track and never miss a meeting again.\
\
You can also create events in the app and it will automatically sync.\
\

\f0\b Weather previews.
\f1\b0 \
Preview the weather when setting the time. Try dragging horizontally on the time scrubber and you\'92ll see the weather update dynamically. Data is pulled from Apple\'92s WeatherKit, so this costs me money to implement.\
\

\f0\b Alarm folders.
\f1\b0 \
Group alarms into folders. One-tap to turn all alarms on or off. Customize your folder\'92s name and color. To add a folder, hold the plus button.\
\

\f0\b Solar background.
\f1\b0 \
Beautiful solar graph alarm background. Sunrise and sunset data is accurate and calculated from an algorithm by the United States Naval Observatory.\
\

\f0\b Import from YouTube (WIP, released in the next version).
\f1\b0 \
Download music directly from YT.\
\
\

\f0\b\fs32 Upcoming features, released next week
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\
- Wake-up missions - complete mini challenges to turn off the alarm\
- Day skip - skip specific days.\
\
\

\f0\b\fs32 FAQ
\f1\b0\fs24 \
- Why is PRO a subscription? Hey look I also don\'92t like subscriptions, but weather data costs money and YouTube import requires running a server. For calendar integration I also need to keep up-to-date with calendar formats, so it\'92s a constant maintenance job. But if you want to pay once and be done with it, I offer a one-time option for $24.99.\
\

\f0\b\fs32 Links
\f1\b0\fs24 \
App Store: https://apps.apple.com/app/id6449077015\
Website: https://midnight.day\
\
\

\f0\b\fs32 About the Developer
\f1\b0\fs24 \
Andrew Zheng is an incoming intern at Apple (Photos team), currently the youngest hire. He previously worked for Hyper Online, a Y Combinator company working on AI Avatars, and for Rubio\'92s Coastal Grill as a Cashier. He is also the developer of Find, an app for organizing photos.\
}